Fix config types for boxShadow (#14856)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Bump versions for security vulnerabilities ([#14697](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14697))

> - Fix `boxShadow` configuration TS types ([#14856](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14856))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure the TypeScript types for the `boxShadow` theme configuration allows arrays ([#14856](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14856))
```
